{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
MediOre is a versatile and user-friendly medical conversion app designed to cater to the diverse needs of the general public. We believe in accessibility and inclusivity, and our app reflects this ethos in every aspect of its design.\
\
\
MediOre is not limited to specific companies, groups, or individuals. It's a tool for everyone, from healthcare professionals to students, and anyone with an interest in medical measurements. Whether you're a seasoned practitioner or a curious learner, MediOre is at your service.\
\
\
\
In the fast-paced world of healthcare, precision matters. MediOre understands the importance of accurate conversions. That's why we've put together specialized converters for crucial medical parameters. You can seamlessly switch between units, from micrograms per deciliter to millimoles per liter.\
\
\
\
MediOre is designed for immediate and open access. No accounts, sign-ups, or fees are required. You can start using the app right away, hassle-free.\
\
\
MediOre is completely free. You won't find paid content, subscriptions, or hidden charges. Our commitment to providing a free and accessible resource is unwavering.\
\
MediOre is here to make medical unit conversions easier, faster, and more accurate for all. Download the app today and join our ever-growing community of users.}